changes magnifier types and function name for clarity (#19882)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

The Magnifier category in the NVDA Settings dialog allows you to configure the default behavior of NVDA's built-in [Magnifier](#Magnifier) feature.
This settings category contains the following options:

##### Zoom level {#MagnifierZoom}

> This slider allows you to set the default zoom level when the magnifier is first enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This slider allows you to set the zoom level when using the magnifier.
```

|Options |1.0 to 10.0|
|Default |2.0|

##### Filter {#MagnifierFilter}

> This combo box allows you to select the filter to apply when the magnifier is first enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This combo box allows you to select the filter to apply when using the magnifier.
```

| Grayscale | Converts all colors to shades of gray, which can help reduce eye strain and improve contrast. |
| Inverted | Inverts all colors on the screen, which can be helpful for users who prefer light text on dark backgrounds or have photophobia. |

##### Focus mode {#MagnifierFullscreenFocusMode}

> This combo box allows you to select the focus tracking mode when the magnifier is first enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This combo box allows you to select the focus tracking mode when using the magnifier.
```
